Added note about using DWUs for sizing (#103227)
Azure/azure-content: articles/synapse-analytics/sql-data-warehouse/memory-concurrency-limits.md

The maximum service level is DW30000c, which has 60 Compute nodes and one distribution per Compute node. For example, a 600 TB data warehouse at DW30000c processes approximately 10 TB per Compute node.

> [!NOTE]

> > Synapse Dedicated SQL pool is an evergreen platform service. Under [shared responsibility model in the cloud](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/security/fundamentals/shared-responsibility#division-of-responsibility), Microsoft continues to invest in advancements to underlying software and hardware which host dedicated SQL pool. As a result, the number of nodes or the type of computer hardware which underpins a given performance level (SLO) may change. The number of compute nodes listed here are provided as a reference, and shouldn't be used for sizing or performance purposes. Irrespective of number of nodes or underlying infrastructure, Microsoft's goal is to deliver performance in accordance with SLO; hence, we recommend that all sizing exercises must use cDWU as a guide. For more information on SLO and compute Data Warehouse Units, please refer to link [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/synapse-analytics/sql-data-warehouse/what-is-a-data-warehouse-unit-dwu-cdwu#service-level-objective).

Reviewer: Updated linkage

```suggestion
> Synapse Dedicated SQL pool is an evergreen platform service. Under [shared responsibility model in the cloud](/azure/security/fundamentals/shared-responsibility#division-of-responsibility), Microsoft continues to invest in advancements to underlying software and hardware which host dedicated SQL pool. As a result, the number of nodes or the type of computer hardware which underpins a given performance level (SLO) may change. The number of compute nodes listed here are provided as a reference, and shouldn't be used for sizing or performance purposes. Irrespective of number of nodes or underlying infrastructure, Microsoft's goal is to deliver performance in accordance with SLO; hence, we recommend that all sizing exercises must use cDWU as a guide. For more information on SLO and compute Data Warehouse Units, see [Data Warehouse Units (DWUs) for dedicated SQL pool (formerly SQL DW)](what-is-a-data-warehouse-unit-dwu-cdwu.md#service-level-objective).
```
